Introduce Monitor README.md (#339)
google/trillian-examples: binary_transparency/firmware/cmd/ft_monitor/README.md

# FT Monitor

## Introduction

> FT Monitor is one of the key actors in a Firmware Transparency World. Its main job is to closely observe the updates that happen in a Firmware Transparency Log and flag any inappropriate log behaviour. This role can be played by the Firmware Vendor who may decide to closely track the operations in a FT Log. Alternatively, it can be an independent entity acting as a Verifier for the released firmware submission and verifies the updates to a FT log for each firmware release.

Author: Done changes and pushed new commit!

## Monitor Verification

> Following are the sequence of actions which an example FT monitor does: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following are the sequence of actions that this example FT monitor performs in order to demonstrate a malware verifier: 
```

Author: Done changes and pushed new commit!

* Monitor polls the FT log according to configured interval, to fetch latest checkpoint (i. e. most up to date index)  
* It then fetches the consistency proof between its previous stored checkpoint and the new checkpoint (as above) and verifies
  locally that the head of the tree is consistent with previous head. 
* It then iterates through each entry (from previously stored to latest checkpoint index) to fetch the Manifest statement (stored
  in the log) and its inclusion proof by querying the log. 
* Decodes Firmware Hash from the Manifest statement
* Fetches the firmware, using firmware hash as index from a separately stored Firmware Database, known as Content Addressable 
  Store (CAS).
* Hashes the fetched Firmware Image to compare the same with the hash received from Manifest
* Checks the Firmware Image for any Malware keyword mathces. If matches, can mark the annotation into the log indicating that the 
  found firmware is not good.
* Once all the entries are verified as above, remembers the most up to date entry in a store (file as an example).

>   This saves monitor from reverifying all the entries in case it needs a restart.

Reviewer: It also ensures that the monitor has a golden checkpoint in order to follow one true evolution of the log (i.e. this `from` checkpoint is needed for consistency proofs).

## Example Workflow

Run the FT Monitor as indicated in the [Firmware Transparency](../../../firmware)

```bash

> # One can supplu following optional arguments to control the various configuration parameters that are 

Author: I need to fix the typo on supply

Reviewer: +1

Author: Corrected the typo!

# baked into the monitor operation.  

> 1. Poll interval in seconds i. e. the time window when monitor wakes up to look for new entries in the log, example -- poll_interval = 20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Poll interval in seconds i. e. the time window when monitor wakes up to look for new entries in the log, example `--poll_interval=20`
```

I think this is what you are aiming for. There is inconsistent spacing around `--` and ` = ` below, so please make it the same. My opinion is that `--foo=bar` is the clearest, but it's your call.

Author: Done the edit as per your suggestion in all the optional elements!
